docs: :memo: edits during review of README (#207)
dp-next/registers2parquet: README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  template for parallel conversion.
```

## Installation

To install from CRAN, run:

``` r
install.packages("fastreg")
```

> To install the latest development version from GitHub, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the latest development version from GitHub:
```

``` r
# Development version on GitHub
pak::pak("dp-next/fastreg")
```

## Usage

To convert a single SAS file to Parquet, use `convert_file()`:

``` r
library(fastreg)

convert_file(
  path = "path/to/file.sas7bdat",
  output_dir = "path/to/output_dir/"
)
```

You can use the helper function `list_sas_files()` to list all SAS files
in a directory, which can help convert several registers of the same
year into one Parquet Hive partitioned dataset:

``` r
convert_register(
  path = list_sas_files("path/to/sas_register/"),
  output_dir = "path/to/output_dir/"
)
```

fastreg also comes with a [targets](https://books.ropensci.org/targets/)
template to make it easier to convert multiple registers in parallel:

``` r
use_targets_template()
```

> To read one of the Parquet registers, use `read_register()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `read_register()` to read a Parquet register as a DuckDB table:
```
